README.md, before:

# Automated News Reporter  

## Overview  
The **Automated News Reporter** is a project that leverages AI to create realistic, high-quality news videos where the user acts as the news anchor. The system combines AI video creation, text-to-speech (TTS), background video generation, and automation to produce and share polished news content.  

### Features  
- **AI Video Creation**:  
  - Generates videos mimicking the user’s appearance, expressions, and movements.  
  - Merges AI-generated videos with custom background footage.  

- **Text-to-Speech (TTS)**:  
  - Replicates the user’s voice for natural news narration.  

- **Background Video and Editing**:  
  - Sources or generates professional background videos.  
  - Integrates backgrounds seamlessly with AI videos.  

- **Automation**:  
  - Automatically uploads finished videos to platforms like YouTube, Twitter, and Instagram.  

- **Legal Compliance**:  
  - Revenue declared according to Belgian tax laws.  
  - Flexible options for managing income personally or through a business entity.  

---

## Project Goals  
The primary objective is to create polished, professional AI-generated news videos. The project aims to:  
1. Showcase realistic AI video and voice synthesis.  
2. Automate the production and distribution process.  
3. Explore avenues for monetization while ensuring legal compliance.  

---

## Getting Started  
### Prerequisites  
- Python 3.9+  
- Open-source tools like [Coqui TTS](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS), [DeepFaceLab](https://github.com/iperov/DeepFaceLab), or similar.  
- Video editing software for merging AI and background videos.  

### Folder Structure  
```plaintext
/Automated-News-Reporter
├── src/                     # Main source code
│   ├── ai_video/            # Code for AI video generation
│   ├── tts/                 # Code for TTS model training and synthesis
│   ├── background_video/    # Background video generation or processing
│   ├── automation/          # Scripts for automating uploads
│   └── utils/               # Shared utilities (e.g., config, helpers)
├── data/                    # Data for model training and testing
│   ├── raw/                 # Raw video/audio samples
│   ├── processed/           # Preprocessed data
│   └── outputs/             # Generated outputs (videos, TTS files)
├── notebooks/               # Jupyter notebooks for experimentation and prototyping
├── tests/                   # Unit tests for various modules
├── README.md                # Project overview and instructions
├── .gitignore               # Ignored files and folders for Git
└── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
```

Commit message:

Update README.md to include model types and likely implementations for the Automated News Reporter

README.md, after:

# Automated News Reporter  

## Overview  
The **Automated News Reporter** is a project that leverages AI to create realistic, high-quality news videos where the user acts as the news anchor. The system combines AI video creation, text-to-speech (TTS), background video generation, and automation to produce and share polished news content.  

### Features  
- **AI Video Creation**:  
  - Generates videos mimicking the user’s appearance, expressions, and movements.  
  - Merges AI-generated videos with custom background footage.  

- **Text-to-Speech (TTS)**:  
  - Replicates the user’s voice for natural news narration.  

- **Background Video and Editing**:  
  - Sources or generates professional background videos.  
  - Integrates backgrounds seamlessly with AI videos.  

- **Automation**:  
  - Automatically uploads finished videos to platforms like YouTube, Twitter, X and Instagram.  

### Types of Models:
- **Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)**:
  - Generate realistic facial features and expressions for avatars.
- **Facial Landmark Detection Models**:
  - Identify and track key facial points to ensure accurate lip-syncing and expressions.
- **Text-to-Speech (TTS) Models**:
  - Convert written text into natural-sounding speech.
- **Lip-Sync Models**:
  - Align avatar lip movements with the generated speech for seamless synchronization.
- **Video Synthesis Models**:
  - Combine facial animations with background elements to produce cohesive videos.

### Likely Implementations:
- **Avatar Generation**:
  - Utilize GAN-based architectures to create realistic avatars capable of displaying a wide range of expressions and movements.
- **Facial Movement and Lip-Sync**:
  - Employ facial landmark detection algorithms to map and animate facial features accurately, ensuring that lip movements correspond precisely with speech.
- **Text-to-Speech (TTS)**:
  - Implement advanced TTS systems that produce high-quality, natural-sounding speech in multiple languages and accents.
- **Video Synthesis**:
  - Integrate facial animations with various backgrounds and contexts, creating seamless and engaging videos.

---

## Project Goals  
The primary objective is to create polished, professional AI-generated news videos. The project aims to:  
1. Showcase realistic AI video and voice synthesis.  
2. Automate the production and distribution process.  
3. Explore avenues for monetization while ensuring legal compliance.  

---

## Getting Started  
### Prerequisites  
- Python 3.9+  
- Open-source tools like [Coqui TTS](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS), [DeepFaceLab](https://github.com/iperov/DeepFaceLab), or similar.  
- Video editing software for merging AI and background videos.  

### Folder Structure  
```plaintext
/Automated-News-Reporter
├── src/                     # Main source code
│   ├── ai_video/            # Code for AI video generation
│   ├── tts/                 # Code for TTS model training and synthesis
│   ├── background_video/    # Background video generation or processing
│   ├── automation/          # Scripts for automating uploads
│   └── utils/               # Shared utilities (e.g., config, helpers)
├── data/                    # Data for model training and testing
│   ├── raw/                 # Raw video/audio samples
│   ├── processed/           # Preprocessed data
│   └── outputs/             # Generated outputs (videos, TTS files)
├── notebooks/               # Jupyter notebooks for experimentation and prototyping
├── tests/                   # Unit tests for various modules
├── README.md                # Project overview and instructions
├── .gitignore               # Ignored files and folders for Git
└── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
```
